The very brothers present this free sneak preview of upcoming history channel documentary, The Rise and Fall of Chas.
Enjoy.
On June 8th, 2020, a fledgling new country was birthed from the ashes of American western fascist heteronormative patriarchy, building for the hope of a better tomorrow
Freedom Fighters of Seattle seized their first section of autonomous land from the colonial racist powers of the United States.
It was a fierce, fierce battle.
And by fierce, I mean, it was totally dope.
The People's Army yeeted into the streets with literally zero opposition.
And they looked fabulous while doing it.
With the land now secured,
It was then dubbed the Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone, also affectionately known as Chaz.
The people of Chaz immediately got to work, of course, segregating their population by race, ethnicity, as any progressive would have done.
They planted gardens for indigenous peoples and consuming, of course, excessive amounts of drugs.
Life
In Chaz was, you could describe it as pure paradise unmatched by any culture or human civilization in history.
For instance, food completely free.
Obviously, of course, because of the glass doors to most restaurants were completely shattered, allowing any citizen of Chaz to walk in and eat to their hearts content.
The fascist police forces were replaced by bands of warlords, of course led by the venerable raz of Chaz.
Carrying baseball bats, threatening people in the streets, it was truly, truly a beautiful, beautiful thing.
Sadly, this paradise would be short lived.
Chaz knew it was in trouble.
When the free pizza deliveries
stopped showing up.
And with no plastic utensils or cups available to them, beverages actually had to be consumed out of plastic ziplock bags.
Unfortunately, the army started to dissipate.
The brave Chazian soldiers were forced to go back to their mums to pick up clean laundry, which of course was accompanied by a terrible vulgar smell.
Chaos ensued.
Chazians started to turn on each other.
Bad people on Fox News were saying mean things and there was no more free stuff available since all the stores were looted.
On June 30th, 2020, the mayor of Seattle issued an emergency order to clear the newly formed country of Chaz of all its occupants.
On July 1st, an army of police officers stormed Chaz, facing no opposition since the entire country was starved
fighting infections and strung out on magic mushrooms.
The beautiful dream was dead.
On this July 1st, we commemorate the rise and fall of the communist utopia of Chaz.
So raise your bag of sprite and drink to the fighters who sacrificed so much for the promise of a better tomorrow.
Yes, Chaz.
Never forget, welcome to the Petty Profit Podcast.
Weekly, man hug edition.
The Petty Profit Podcast is where we talk about news, culture, and politics from a Christian worldview.
I am glad to have you.
I am glad you're listening.
I was gone for a week doing some travel.
I am back.
It is good to be back, but thanks for your patience.
I didn't want to send out subpar content while I was out on vacation.
Now that I'm back in the swing of things, I'm excited to bring to you my latest discussion with me and my brothers.
And we have a lot to talk about, you know, being gone for a week.
The news tends to pile up.
So we talked about the fall of the Republic.
The end of the American experiment.
Is it really that bad?
We're going to talk about some of these things, some of what's going on, including the riots.
the racial unrest, Trump's response, the church's response, what's going on with Biden?
We're gonna talk about the latest Supreme Court decision, which was a real blow to the pro-life cause, the possibilities of upcoming civil war, considering how divided we are as a nation right now.
But what I think you'll find if you listen all the way to the end, which I hope you do, is that we end on a glimmer
of hope because we do as Christians have very good reasons to hope.
And we have very good reasons to have peace in our hearts in spite of everything that's going on.
So be sure to listen to the end and don't miss in addition my review of Paddington 2, which strangely enough is a kids movie that I don't hate.
Imagine that.
This is my first review of a movie that I didn't hate.
So I hope you enjoy this discussion.
I had fun with it.
Without further delay, let's get into this week's man hug with me and my brothers.
Enjoy.
There it is.
I am recording.
How?
Joel, did you send out an outline or something?
No, I sent it a few texts.
Good.
That's about as organized as this one got.
Well, you know, I was going to say I don't like outlines.
Yeah, I know you get all like awkward and clam up like clam up during when we have that's because like get on and you're like, OK.
pleasantries for 10 minutes, and then followed by 10 minutes of the news of the day.
Strict cut off time before we talk into our topic of the day.
Sound good?
Good.
Go!
Well, that is actually what we kind of told him to do, actually.
Is it really?
Yeah, we're like, you know what would make this better if we had, like, time segments, so we, like, stayed on task.
So Joel's like, okay, we'll do time segments.
We're trying to, yeah, we're trying to, like, do a good job here, folks.
Well, I wasn't.
I wasn't that into the topic last week for some reason.
I don't know why.
So maybe that was probably mostly you games.
Come on, man.
I don't know.
Serious problems.
Wasn't digging it.
Well, I'm cutting that out because that's heresy.
I had someone tell me today that we are quickly becoming their favorite podcast.
Nice to hear, isn't it?
Some people are finally coming around.
There's the added pressure for you to care, Sam.
I will never care.
Maybe they like it because of Samuel's apathetic attitude.
Maybe because he's just so above it all.
They identify with his disgust in our conversation.
It's good to see you guys because it's been a little while.
It's been a minute.
I was gone.
I was out of town on a little trip.
It's got some sun.
Got my base tan going.
Is that some hot brown water you got in that mug there?
No, just regular water tonight, guys.
Dad fuel mug.
Nice.
I got my dad fuel mug drinking water.
I was going to make some clover tea from clover that we picked from the front yard.
You can do that.
I forgot to do that.
So I just go out and pick some clovers and throw it in a little thing and a little weird taste nasty.
Probably tastes like your front yard.
I'm just, I'm just picturing Joel out in front.
Like this kind of meandering out into his front yard at like, you know, 8 p.m. at night with his mug and he's just bending down and picking up a bunch of clovers and just sticking them in his mug and grinding.
No, I had my, I had my two beautiful princess little blondie daughters bounce around the yard and pick clovers for an hour.
for my tea, and they had a great time.
Such me, my tea.
That's right.
But I didn't have time to make it, so I'm drinking regular water tonight.
Nice.
So how are you boys doing?
Aaron, how are you?
How have you been?
Good.
Yeah, nothing crazy new.
And I had a little trip last weekend over to the west side of Michigan.
Other than that, just plugging away, working, having fun with the kids.
Nothing too crazy.
Cool.
Same, what about you, man?
Yeah, not much.
We went to a couple of graduation parties this past weekend other than that kind of laid low and join our peace and quiet while we still have it.
Want to share the most recent development about your baby?
Because we've announced that you're expecting, but we haven't announced the next component.
The baby is a girl, everybody.
That's right.
We already have a name.
Are you guys sharing it yet or is this nope top secret secret?
Is it super modern in Colorado II like no like Machin like River or Stream or Bray.
We already got Brooklyn.
So yeah, you take that one take that one Chazden Chazden
Oh my.
Astrid.
Astrid, are you?
So you're not telling, why aren't you telling anybody?
No, because we don't want.
You afraid?
I understand that.
I always felt really weird like sharing the name, like when we knew what it was, because you're always watching people's responses.
Because if they don't genuinely love it, it's so easy to tell.
If they're like, oh, okay.
Yeah.
Plus, we kind of already think we know her personality.
And so we understand why we chose the name that we chose.
You guys are so freaking cute.
But no one else knows our baby.
We already know her personality.
She's crazy.
She's already jumping around.
Emily's been able to feel her since like week 12 and 13.
Oh, man.
She's going to be a handful for you, man.
Yeah.
Keep you guys busy.
Yeah, she's moving a ton.
So yeah, she's very energetic.
So far, that's awesome.
That's, yeah.
Well, we're all looking forward to watching the two of you be parents.
Cause y'all do, you'll do a great job.
We'll have fun.
It's gonna be awesome parents.
Yeah.
We'll probably spoil our children, but as long as you spank them as often as you spoil them.
Make sure and yell at them at least as often as your nights.
Mess with their mind.
We don't know what to do about spanking.
We don't know how we feel about it yet.
I am not a spanking absolutist at all.
Even within the same family, every kid is different and needs to be dealt with in their own way.
We found with our boys the best approach
is to coach them through stuff.
Cause they just like, they get into these modes where they're just like completely losing their mind at, you know, physiologically like, like struggling and you just gotta coach them.
You gotta be on their side and coach them through it sometimes, you know, not everything's a hard issue.
Not everything's a, you know, necessarily a hardcore sin issue.
So yeah, how do you know, like, you know, how do you know when it is, you know, how do you know when you need to lay down the law, whether it's spanking or just like,
Time out, get in trouble.
I'm, I'm shrugging.
Just for anyone listening.
I don't know.
I changed it up every day.
I have no clue what I'm doing.
I think it's like, I think it's like setting the tough thing.
It is the tough thing, but it's helpful.
It's like setting really clear expectations for what qualifies for something like that.
And I think that the easiest ways for that is when it's over intentional,
disobedience, like it's not like they're in the midst of being overwhelmed with emotion and they just can't control themselves and they're just going crazy, but it's like direct.
I'm, I'm disobeying you on purpose and I know I am.
You know, I think that's, that's when it's as long as you like, or if they're doing something that could like kill them, kill them.
Right.
Yeah.
But it's tough to... Or if they're just being really annoying.
I mean, you know, that's... Or if you just had enough time with your kids.
Yeah.
I'm just kidding.
Don't listen to what word I say.
You're going to be great, Sam.
We're excited.
We're excited to see the next chapter.
I'm sure our audience is excited to hear...
Oh, I'm sure.
I'm sure they're so come along with Sam in this journey.
Yes.
We do have a sizable contingent of female listeners.
So ladies out there, mothers, if you have advice,
for Sam if Aaron and I are completely butchering this right now in terms of our wisdom, please write us in and give your advice to Sam.
Also any baby names, send those in so you can help him second guess whatever he's already chosen.
So yeah.
All right, so let's talk about some news of the day guys.
I kind of was thinking about this today and there is
There's so much that we can talk about.
There's just too much.
Because the Republic is crumbling in so many different ways.
It's just hard to pick one to focus on.
We should make that a new segment.
Where is the Republic crumbling today?
What crack are we going to look at today?
Yes.
In the wall of the Republic.
Which freedom is the roading away today as we speak?
And then we laugh.
You know my favorite.
Here's another one.
My favorite new story of this past week was that old white middle class couple with their guns sitting on their front yard.
Scared away, right?
Goodness.
The wife, like, holding hold again.
She doesn't even know how to hold a gun.
Yeah, she doesn't know how to, neither of them look like they know how to hold a gun.
Oh my goodness.
And he's wearing like a, he's wearing a pink, like Ralph Lauren polo shirt.
He just got off the golf course, you know?
He's so amazing.
Oh my goodness.
It was crazy times we live in.
You know what's funny about that little known fact, about that guy, he is a lawyer who is currently defending a defendant
Uh, who was a victim of police brutality.
Wow.
So.
Oh, interesting.
Life's a little more, not quite as cut one's eyes.
Yeah.
But when it, when it comes to, you know, an angry mob outside your house and that was dang, that was a nice house.
Did you see the house?
It was like a castle.
Pretty much a castle.
I mean, if I, if I were a looter and the government was telling me I could have free reign over the city, I'd probably pick that house to loot.
If I, if I wanted to, you know,
I'm imagining, do you think that after they went inside, they like put down their guns and like looked at each other and they were like, I love you.
And then they like made out.
They had real life.
They probably had like really the rest of the story.
Oh, honey, hold that gun the way you were pointing it at those protesters.
Joel, that needs to be an article for sure.
The rest of the story.
I don't want to be the one to write it.
Thank you though.
That was pretty funny to see.
The videos are insane just of all of the violence.
Have you seen the ones of the
There's a lot of these videos where there will be a car that is approaching a crowd that's blocking a road.
The crowd starts to surround the car and smash the windows and threaten the driver.
And so the driver just takes off for fear of their life.
And they run over a couple of protesters.
I'm sorry, I shouldn't laugh.
I'm not going to lie.
I get a little bit of a perverse kick out of seeing that sometimes.
It's terrible.
That's my evil sin nature I'm admitting to you right now.
It's like a little bit of karma, just immediate justice that you see.
You don't feel bad for people that are attacking cars in the street.
I don't know.
It's hard to feel sympathy for that.
Because we're seeing all of this violence go completely unchecked and completely unanswered.
People being beaten half to death in the street and justice not being done.
And so you just see a little bit of like street justice videos and it's just you get it.
I don't know.
It is terrible.
I shouldn't admit that, but you're like, how he is what you get.
As he goes flying through the area.
Anyway, I'm thinking that too.
Like I'm watching these videos.
I'm just like, gun it, gun it.
Yeah.
Well, there was one today.
It was either today or yesterday where an anti-fagai actually, as the car started to accelerate, he fired a gun into the vehicle.
So it's really dangerous out there.
Thanks.
What do you think of all this right now?
What in the world are we to make of it?
And when's it going to stop?
That's a great question.
My question has been aware of the conservative and Christian voices been this whole time.
Well, I think the difficult thing is they've been speaking, but each side is speaking to their own crowd in terms of condemning the riots you mean and condemning the violence or like, I don't know.
I just, maybe it's just because Emily and I are in church limbo, but I don't see
Like, what are the churches doing?
Isn't this a time where churches are supposed to rise up to preach truth and peace and justice?
And I don't see, and maybe I'm just kind of so out of the loop with what churches are doing because I'm so disenfranchised with petty American churches, but what are they doing?
What are we doing?
If there is anything that we're doing,
And maybe I should stop pointing the finger because I could look at myself and ask what I'm doing, which is pretty much nothing.
And I've been convicted about that a lot too recently, but I don't know.
That's been my biggest thought is like, what are we doing as a church and why?
I don't know.
People are doing stuff.
I mean, I think it's tough to make any blanket statement about how the church is responding or isn't responding.
You have some churches that are adding unnecessary fuel to the fire.
churches that are giving in and believing lies.
There's churches that are speaking up and making a difference.
What about mobilizing, I don't know, a hundred people in each city just go out and have gospel conversations with these protesters in the streets.
What about that?
I'm not talking about
Why are we speaking up against violence?
Why are we not being conservative voices?
It's like, no, why are we going out into these streets and preaching the gospel?
Because these people are craving truth.
They don't even know what truth is.
They don't even know what's right and wrong.
And that definitely would be a dangerous task.
I mean, that's a mission that involves the real risk of personal injury, of harm, right?
Yeah, send them out.
That's a good point, Sam.
If ever there was a more important time and a more golden opportunity for the church to be out there invisible, you'd think this would be it, wouldn't it?
Yeah.
That's tough, man.
I mean, you've seen, you know, you see a few people, you know, you saw that guy at Chaz, and that's the thing.
Usually the people you see doing that sort of thing, like facing the protesters, you know,
proclaiming the gospel are a little bit crazy, you know?
Because maybe it takes kind of a crazy person to do that, but you don't see the mainstream churches anywhere near that, you know?
And the protesters are in the street shouting at people.
The protesters are out there yelling people down and trying to spread their doctrine of, you know, whatever it is, Marxism, defunding the police.
Like, why can't we do that too?
I mean, I'm not like shouting people down, but what an amazing contrast that would be to just go and share the gospel.
It doesn't even have to be a huge crowd.
It could be a group of five people.
I don't know.
That brings up a good question, Sam.
Do you think that we're entering a new phase or a new chapter in our country where the old way of doing things in church is just not going to work anymore?
is kind of the gospel of niceness and politeness over.
I mean, I'm just wondering if there's a more bold approach out there that the church and the Christians need to start thinking about, you know?
Well, we've always been called to be bold.
The church in Acts prayed for that when they were threatened by the authorities for boldness.
But we're always, I think the gospel is always supposed to be communicated with gentleness.
you know, when you're asked for the reason for the hope that it's in, you do it with gentleness and respect with compassion.
And so, um, I don't think it's necessarily a change in our manner in delivering it as much as just a more, more of a boldness, I think, um, being gentle in our delivery, but being more bold and, and how we, how we get out there, how we, um, go to where the, the need is.
And you, and you probably see,
more of that lack of gentleness, maybe in your area, you know, growing up in Ohio.
And it was like, that was always a thing, right?
That was, that was always this thing that was very off-putting about aspects of the gospel that we grew up with.
And that is the lack of gentleness, the legalism, the judgmentalism, all that good stuff.
And you might experience in that there, but like, out here in Denver, I feel like I wouldn't even care if you're not gentle.
Like, I'd rather have- You almost crave it.
Yeah.
I'd rather have, I mean, like our pastor,
as attending these protests, which is fine, encouraging other people to do so, but we're not meeting on Sundays.
What is going on?
You know what else just drives me freaking baddie about that.
These pastors boldly proclaiming their support for Black Lives Matter, going to these protestors, or going to these protests.
When's the last time they protested outside an abortion clinic?
You know, I know that's my little pet issue and I always talk about that, but like I have zero respect for a pastor that jumps on a bandwagon when it's easy and when it gives him when it's great for social credit, but it's completely silent when there is injustice happening in his town, in his city, right down the street from his church, because it might risk his standing in the community or risk his reputation on Twitter or whatever.
It just, that drives me nuts.
People think these are brave.
I don't see any bravery in attending these protests.
Who's opposing them?
Exactly.
Who's out there facing them down saying black lives don't matter.
These protests take zero courage.
You get social credit.
You get to say that you care about black people.
You get to claim all these things, all these public
forms of restitution or whatever it is, you get to say, no, I was at the protest.
You can't ridicule me.
I was at the protest.
They get all of these advantages by attending these protests and by screaming at people and by yelling at white people going, and these are all mostly white people, by the way.
These are mostly white fat, like rich white people.
Yeah, just rich white spoiled college students.
I'm just like, this is not brave.
I don't see any bravery in that at all.
If you care about black lives, rich white person, go to inner city Chicago and stand in front of a child as he's being shot out and dry by shooting.
Go shield some children on Michigan Avenue.
I think that's a problem with humans.
And this is a problem with everybody is we're very selective in our justice.
We don't love justice as a whole.
We pick a certain
thing of justice that we want to see happen and we can feel like we care about justice.
I think one of the most, I guess the most frustrating thing for me and all this is the craziness of these protests and the tearing down statues in the meaningless senseless violence and cars plowing through crowds of protesters and all that stuff.
It's, it distracts from any legitimate reason for protest.
It distracts from any legitimate care and empathy that we should show toward people that have some disadvantages.
It makes it a lot tougher to support it with all of the excesses and extremes that you see.
There's no sense of balance.
On one side, I think it's really important for us to
to look at history and see the parts of history that we might have glossed over, see the effects of Jim Crow or Redlining and all these things that are very recent and have made a lasting intergenerational impact and respond to that with care and understanding.
If someone comes up to you and has a big sin problem, knowing that person's history, what their parents experienced,
the home that they grew up in.
It might not change the content of your response to them, but it'll change how you approach them.
It'll add some understanding to it.
I think it's the same way.
Help you extend grace to that person.
I think we as Christians should have that approach.
You're right.
There's elements that maybe I didn't understand as much, and that really gives me a better perspective and understanding on your struggle and gives me empathy and dealing with you.
but it's so tough to strike that balance with all of the extremes that we're seeing, because it's almost like you have to completely reject everything about this movement.
Well, this is something that's what Martin Luther King Jr., that's what he understood about protest, specifically this issue.
He wouldn't let people throw a pebble on his marches, because he knew that the media at the time would
play that clip of one black man throwing a rock at a cop, although maybe he was completely justified or whatever.
His thing was like peaceful protests and that's why they were successful.
You see now, and also you see other groups hijacking this topic completely.
And so you can't have a discussion around this anymore with anybody because
It's so polarized.
There's so much mud in the water that you can't see clearly.
And right at the center of it is Black Lives Matter itself as a movement, which is found by a self-avowed, by her own words, trained Marxist, in its own charter, dedicated to the destruction of the nuclear family.
Marx, who by the way, was a horrific, horrific racist.
The fact that they've taken that phrase, Black Lives Matter, it's like playing parenthood, renaming its organization to all babies matter.
It's so completely deceptive.
We're like, if I started a movement and called it, save the puppies, but in reality, I was sadistic, just evil, all this stuff.
But you know, it's really clever to name your movement something so that's impossible to disagree with.
Because for the statement itself in the movement is attached to become one and you can't voice your opposition without sounding like a.
All right.
So let me let me ask you guys this before we move on to our next topic.
Do you think that
It is the responsibility of spiritual leaders and pastors to vocally and clearly condemn Black Lives Matter and critical race theory in their churches.
Do you think that it's enough of a problem that people in congregations are falling prey to it, that church leadership is falling prey to it, that it should be a requirement for pastors to clearly come out and spell out
what is wrong, and why it's wrong, and how it's anti-gospel.
I think so.
Absolutely.
I mean, that's what a pastor's job is.
That's what his church is.
Yeah, if he's not doing that, what is he doing?
Yeah, but it's political.
You know, we don't want to delve into politics.
You know, we stick with just the gospel.
We just stick with the gospel.
We shouldn't be...
This is politics.
This is culture.
Yes, it's not really politics.
That's not politics.
It is, and I think that's a cop out that pastors will use, right?
I'm playing devil's advocate here.
I know.
Because it is a real threat to the gospel.
It's a real threat to the mission that we as a church are called to.
And it is very deceptive and it leads a lot of church members astray.
And if a pastor isn't very clearly in a balanced and thoughtful and biblical way, not a crazy tirade,
exposing the air and guiding his flock, then he's not really doing his job as a pastor.
Okay.
Fair enough.
I think that's good.
Can I just throw this as kind of a side?
Yeah, please.
And this might be fodder for those who disagree with us, but I'm getting kind of frustrated with President Trump and all of this.
I think he's not a leader.
at all.
I'm not saying we should look to the president as a leader as our moral compass.
Yeah.
But it just seems like he is intentionally adding fuel to the division without necessary.
It's not.
And there's a difference between adding fuel to a division and standing up for truth.
I don't see him standing up for truth.
I'm seeing him just jab back fire.
Jab back.
Yeah.
Of petty.
unnecessary bickering and fighting.
And I just think, I don't know.
I feel bad for the guy.
He's probably sick of all this crap.
Oh, I would say he's been so, he's been so poorly treated for, for three years.
You know, and again, I'm not trying to like be a Trump apologist here, but like I just, he's got to be so tired.
Like, again, you're the president.
You know, it's not your job to be tired and sad about this, but
Gosh, I can't even imagine.
But I agree.
He's got to get out in front of this thing and speak to the people right now.
And getting out in front of it isn't doing a photo up in front of a church holding up a Bible or retweeting a video of a dude yelling white power or all of these things.
It's just like, come on.
It's a little, it shows me the importance of
President having moral clarity.
Yeah.
And he's a guy that doesn't have moral clarity.
And if there's ever a time- What about Pence?
Where's Pence?
I mean, don't you think Pence, you know, Pence has got the moral clarity?
Why isn't he out in front of this speaking of people and touring around?
I think if he- He's under President Trump's thumb.
I mean, you know, you can't usurp the spotlight from him, you know, and try to be seen as doing that.
So, I don't know.
Yeah.
Just want to throw that out there.
No, that's a good point, Aaron.
I think you're right.
I can't disagree.
I would say a lot of conservatives are frustrated with him because they know this is such an easy one to win.
All you have to do is go out there and speak the truth and say, here's the truth.
Here's what this country is about.
We're not about violence.
We're shutting down these riots right now.
Yeah.
I guess it's showing some balance too.
condemned the senseless violence and put a stamp on it while showing some of that understanding.
You know what though, to be fair to him, I think he has.
I mean, he's had a few good statements and speeches out there where he's talked about what's going on.
But for any other president, the media would have
taking those great sound bites and played them on a loop and then commentated on them and it would have taken up four news cycles to get that message out there of unity and empathy and sympathy and blah, blah, blah.
But because it's Trump saying it, that message gets buried under all the things the media wants people to hear.
And that's what I would say to that, Aaron, is like it wouldn't make a difference because Trump could come up tomorrow morning, make the grandest speech in the world,
and do all these things, and the media would not cover it.
And an hour later, they'd be complaining about how Trump is not saying anything about it.
Well, yeah, I understand what you mean.
I just don't think, I don't see Trump as a guy who actually is, as someone who actually has moral clarity.
I just think that's getting sucked out by the media.
He's definitely not, right.
But he has good speech writers.
He is being mistreated.
and they're selective in what they cover and what they don't cover, but there's so much that he brings on himself that is so unnecessary.
His Trump's moral compass is, I do nice things for you and you do nice things in return for me.
And so he sees it all as a transaction between his fans and his voters, you know, hey, look what I'm doing for you.
You know, you guys show up for me, I show up for you.
And that's pretty much it.
And I acknowledge, yeah, as a president, as a president of the
of the greatest country ever on the face of the earth that has crawled out of millennia of human tyranny and tragedy, your job is a little higher than just a transactional relationship.
I think I'm seeing more that it's not enough just to say as long as the guy has good policies that I like, I'm fine with him.
I think in addition to that, there needs to be
I mean, if there's any job that should require moral clarity and leadership, and I'm talking about running a business, I'm talking about leading people who would be the president of the United States.
Fair enough.
We'll see if President Trump listens to this podcast and maybe he can turn things around.
If any of our listeners, if any of you guys know anybody who knows anybody who knows President Trump, if you can get this to him, that would be great.
We might be able to to save this thing.
So if you could just just read verbatim the speech from Independence Day.
this weekend.
He already shared a meme of the Independence Day speech with his head pasted on the movie president's body.
Yes.
No way.
Yes, he did.
And, you know, it was CNN, like Trump shares, Dr. Meam, you know, Dr. Video, Dr. Picture.
Yeah.
It was so funny.
It was, you know, the, the speech where he's like standing on the back of the truck and, you know, worth of July will no longer just be an American all day, you know.
And all the people in the audience are like, you know, I don't know who, Rush Limbaugh and, you know, Jenna, like all the, who are the people who were the loyalists.
Yeah.
All the loyalists.
Sean Hannity.
Yeah.
Dude, push on Hannity in that interview with Trump.
Like he was giving Trump these softballs and Trump was like not answering these questions.
Yeah, dude.
He's at all.
It's pretty sad.
Yeah, I feel like the dude is, he seriously is, I don't know.
How do we end up with Trump and Biden for real?
Oh my goodness.
I was watching a YouTube ad the other day, or I was watching a YouTube video and there was a Biden ad that came on before the YouTube video.
And in the pre-recorded Biden ad, he couldn't get a sentence right.
He was like,
Hi, hello, my fellow Americans.
I'm coming to you for ask a quick favor.
Yeah, for ask a quick favor.
I'm just picturing them recording that.
That was probably like take 150.
Yeah, that was the best I could do.
Okay, you know what that'll do.
You guys, we can't get any better than that.
Okay, we'll run with that.
I showed a friend, you know that funny video of the buttery flaky crust.
Yeah.
I went up to a friend.
I'm like, Hey, look, I just found behind the scenes footage of one of Biden's ad.
It's so good.
I thought it was pretty funny.
Well, maybe you guys can help me because I'm working on a, I'm trying to refine a Babylon bee headline here and it goes something like Biden proves cognitive abilities by reciting from memory.
All the sounds animals can make.
Or something like he proves it by putting the star-shaped block in the star-shaped hole in the Fisher Price toy or something like that.
I'm trying to think of a really funny toddler thing that Biden can do to prove that he's still mentally with it.
So keep that in the back of your head.
If you think of anything by the end of the podcast, let me know.
Oh boy.
I know.
What a day.
What a day we live in.
Isn't that crazy?
Yeah.
So the other thing I want to talk about tonight, guys, was the Supreme Court decision.
So the Supreme Court, 5-4 decision, they ruled against the state of Louisiana and determined that requiring an abortion clinic to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital
For the patient's safety is it presents an undue burden on a woman's constitutional right to kill her own unborn child.
The Bush appointed conservative Justice John Roberts sided with the liberals on this one.
And here we are.
So obviously a big blow.
And the thing about it that was really kind of shocking with John Roberts was the reason he ruled the way he did was he cited
precedent from a four-year-old case that he disagreed on.
It was a case that he disagreed with from four years ago, and he cited that as the precedent.
It's crazy because we're playing by two different sets of rules here.
The leftist justice, they will tear up precedent and they will tear up the Constitution by any means necessary in order to get what they want in their agenda.
abide by those laws or hide behind them and not tear them up.
So it's like the, it's like, you know, when you're, we have a ratchet and you're, you know, you put that locking mechanism on so it can only spin left.
Like it's what it is.
It's like a one right way ratchet where the leftist courts pushing it left.
And then we have the, all these safeguards in place that we follow the rules and it never goes back the other way.
Well, it was just like the, um,
The Obama administration put in a, an order before he left that wouldn't allow the Trump administration to remove certain officials in this, I think it was one of the DACA organizations.
Um, and they ruled at the time that this, this was unlawful, that you, you couldn't do this.
And then when the Trump administration tried to undo it, they went to the Trump administration and said, no, you can't do this because it has already been done.
and they ruled like precedent or whatever.
I'm like, what?
It's so insane.
I love the Babylon bees treatment of this.
That was a really good art.
I thought it made the point beautifully and it went like this.
We can't just overturn precedent, says Supreme Court justice of nation where slavery was once legal.
And it's just like the cowardice, like the moral cowardice of these people that, you know, oh, well, we can't, I'm sorry, we can't do anything.
There's this four year old statute that, you know, I'm sorry, it's precedent you can't do it.
It's in stone.
It turns out that Supreme Court justices are fallible humans just like everybody else.
Well, like robes don't do anything magical.
I'll tell you guys, you know, that was my main reason for voting for Trump was to save the Supreme Court.
Yeah, here we are.
But Trump didn't choose John Roberts.
That's right.
That's not his fault.
So what do you guys think?
What do you guys think, I guess, of the Supreme Court in general, do you think that it's time to ignore the Supreme Court?
Do states just need to start defying these unconstitutional and just laws?
Is this just a stronger case for why we need to
get Trump in there again so we can nominate more justices.
You know, our Christians and conservatives placing too much faith in the Supreme Court.
Like what are your opinions on all that at this point?
I think the judicial branches taken on too much more power and authority than the founding fathers probably had in mind.
They're deciding things that I don't think they were just designed to decide.
And so yeah, but how do you
How do you fix that?
Yeah.
Ignore it.
Yeah, I mean, I think what has happened is our legislators have turned into...
They've given that authority over to them.
They've turned into an inbred group of greedy, power-hungry, vote-thirsty, disgusting individuals that don't care about making laws anymore.
They only care about getting back into office.
They only care about...
you know, voting to raise their own salaries during the coronavirus by putting a salary bump into a relief bill after they shut down the entire country's economy.
I don't look at the justices.
I mean, I look at the ridiculous machine and joke that is our Congress right now.
Because what are they doing?
What are they doing?
That's a good point.
The police reform bill that the Republicans
uh, drafted and, and democratic Senate didn't even, uh, didn't even allow it to be voted on.
They don't, they don't care.
Well, because they don't want to be, they don't want to cave to, they want to give their own bill and force the Republicans to reject it so that they have a better chance of being reelected.
They can point the fingers of the republic.
Well, they don't care about making a difference.
Like, um, I, I have a friend that's a state trooper and he has some friends that are in the ATF.
And he's like, we have lawmakers come to us all the time proposing changes to bands on bump stocks or whatever this or that or triggers or this shape.
And we always go back and tell them that's not going to change anything because there's this and this and that and there's these other options out there.
And they come back with us with, we don't care.
We just want to pass a law.
Right.
Because we're getting a pressure for that.
And he's like, it happens all the time.
There are a dozen more gun laws put on the books every year and half of them don't
make any difference whatsoever.
But the legislators go back and the only thing they want to be able to say is that we passed a gun law measure.
Just want to justify their pathetic jobs.
Right.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So.
So really you're seeing all three branches of the government having some serious flaws.
Yeah.
You have the legislative branch.
You just want to stay in office, the judicial branch that is, you know, doing what they're doing.
And then you have the executive branch with Trump who isn't, you know,
You know what, the founding fathers should have like included like a nuclear option.
A button, a big red box set.
Reset to 1776.
Yes, yeah.
It's just like, except for slavery.
Like, yeah, you don't accept that first.
Yeah, we don't want that.
Just in case anyone listening, in case media matters is listening.
Anyway.
No, but yeah, yeah, just like, you just erase everything, start over.
I like that.
I just like some sort of like dissolving of everything, like just all the states become their own sovereign countries and... Oh my God.
Okay, just to throw out the crazy hypothetical.
Do you see any scenario or this leading to a point where there is some type of secession or or even civil civil war of some down the road, maybe in the far future?
But I mean, do you think it's happened once before?
So it's not impossible.
Do you think we'd ever reach that point?
And what do you think would be the thing to bring us to that point?
I think that the only peaceful quote unquote peaceful future for us is going to involve government tyranny.
I have come to the conclusion that the only way to truly reverse this will be through some secession or civil war.
And that's going to come.
That's only going to come through someone very with extremely strong character.
willing to stand up, draw a line in the sand, say this is what America is, and then get ready to defend it with a gun.
I don't see it other way out of it at this point.
Well, I mean, would you compare it to the Roman Empire with their republic and the world, their democracy, when it started to devour itself, Julius Caesar took everything over and not until he did that, did the Roman
the Romans experienced their golden age of prosperity and growth and peace, which I'm not like, I mean, that's like against my everything in my body.
See, think we need to go back to an emperor.
No, I wouldn't say that, but because of way humans are, you know, that we are evil.
Humans destroy that that democracy itself has almost like a like an expiration date to where you slowly
It's set up with good principles.
And I think you have this general sense of morality among the populace that, you know, when you have that general sense of morality among the populace and then they vote certain types of people into office.
And as that degrades in morality declines over time, immoral people vote in immoral officials.
And there comes a point where democracy itself implodes.
And then I think in that setting, that's when dictatorship rises out of that.
And this country was founded on the principle of self-governance.
And that was when people were able to govern themselves.
They had the wherewithal, they had the knowledge, they had the wisdom, and they had the virtue, most importantly, to govern themselves as a country.
We don't have that anymore.
And so that's why you're seeing this.
So you're just seeing
people that are unable to govern themselves, throwing this country into disarray.
And yeah, maybe we will see a consolidate.
I mean, we've already seen a consolidation of power to the president, but we might see that more.
Yeah.
Would you guys before like a mutually agreed upon a divorce between the left and the right?
You know, we have blue states and red states form two separate countries peacefully agreed to move our separate ways.
Well, if something like that were to be proposed, well,
Where do you think you'd fall on that?
I probably wouldn't go to a blue state.
I'd move to Texas, man.
Move to the red state and build a frickin' wall around it quick, because within 20 years, all the blue state people are gonna come crawling and they'll all be starving.
Well, that's, I mean, I don't, obviously... Well, maybe we wanna let those people in, as long as they promise not to vote for Democrats anymore.
I don't think any of us want to see that happen, right?
We wanna see our country stay together.
But there is an element to where that just would be interesting to see.
A great experiment.
Hey, let's revisit this in 20 years, and whichever side's doing better in 20 years wins the game.
It's like a dare.
It's just like the biggest dare ever.
And then one of us can say I told you so at the end.
Maybe we have a cohesive military.
We have an alliance.
And then to protect us from outside threats.
Right.
And then the country just says, all right, so here's the red states, here's the blue states.
And then, you know, there's going to be like, these are going to be two separate countries like within our country.
And you're allowed to continue or stop trade in commerce, however you see fit.
You're allowed to set up
borders and checkpoints, however you imagine that the Ohio State Michigan game becoming an actual yearly skirmish with guns Like every year we just meet at the line the Michigan border and we have the worst ideas we have plenty of forts still standing until this is like a dystopian
Joel, this is up there with our libertarian dictator.
You know what could work, guys.
I would like to see this.
I would like to see one state governor take a bold stand and do something like, you know, I governor of so-and-so state and now declaring that, you know, for example,
All unborn children are human beings protected under the 14th Amendment.
Anyone who attempts to commit abortion in the state will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
I will shut down all abortion clinics by force, if need be.
And if the federal government wants to come and try to stop me, give it a try.
I'll be there with my state militia ready to answer the feds if they try to encroach on us.
protecting the Constitution of the United States in our state.
That might kick off a civil war.
That would be a good look.
But if I were governor, that's what I do.
So you probably won't end up being governor any time someone got you.
With that sound bit, you can never ever ever run a office ever.
That is okay with me.
I have disqualified myself for public office.
That's right.
That's fine.
I'm hoping there's a peaceful way out of this.
I'm hoping there's a way back, maybe through spiritual arrival.
I think a lot of things have been turned around through a resurgence of Christianity in times like this.
I think if anything, we can be praying for revival and really working hard to make sure that our churches are doing their jobs and maybe start by meeting on Sundays.
I don't know that might be a good thought.
It's actually been neat to see how you're seeing a greater sensitivity among people, neighbors, community towards spiritual things.
We've seen that in our church.
um, neighbors of church members that have been far more open to the gospel, um, that the combination of coronavirus and the protests and all these things, people on the verge of literal, like mental breakdowns because they just can't handle it.
And they're, they're just like this can't be there.
Foundation has been completely shaken.
Well, there's no foundation.
That's the thing is all this chaos with no foundation.
And I think people are starting to realize that there has to be something
More than this there has to be an answer an ultimate answer outside of mankind And I think we're seeing that more and I just think the church needs to rise up to meet that the ultimate solution I think it's obvious the most obvious thing and all this is the ultimate solution is in Jesus man has nothing we we don't have the answers whatsoever you to see a bunch of people yelling back and forth with their own ideas and and nothing's working and Yeah, we have the answer we have the antidote
We need to believe that we do.
That's the thing, because we don't believe.
I think the problem with Christians is we get so worked up and passionate about anything other than the gospel.
Yes, we do.
And we get up in arms about so many things.
And it's just, it's so sad that we don't have the level of belief in the effectiveness and power of the gospel that
produces the same type of passion, not necessarily expressed in the same way, but the same type of passion as anyone who's in a Black Lives Matter protest or championing social justice.
I think people are passionate about it because they have a deep-seated belief in it.
They think this is the answer.
As Christians, like, why don't we have that level of intense commitment and belief that the gospel is going to change lives?
Well, they say that the, you know, the Iron Curtain began to fall in the Soviet Union when the people of Poland took to the streets by the tens of thousands against the warnings of the Communist Party and chanted, we want God.
We want God in our lives.
And the point to that moment as being kind of the moment when
the cracks started to form and the atheist materialistic, communist regime.
And it might be what we need to match that passion or at least start by feeling that level of passion in our own hearts.
We have the answer.
And I think for me personally, all of this stuff that's gone on has, in a way, increased my confidence in just the truth of God's word.
Because I think what you're seeing
And the way people are responding and how humanity is acting reflects exactly how scripture describes mankind.
And to me, it just shows like, wow, this book is on to something.
It reveals the heart of man in a way that nothing else does.
It's so true.
Some of the stuff that you've shared, Aaron, is just some of the verses
They just, they peg human nature and peg exactly what's going on to a T and it was written 2000 years ago.
Yep.
I mean, it's beautiful.
A heart of man never, never changes.
It's no matter what history or era you're in, it's same, same problems manifested in different ways.
Yeah.
That's true, man.
That's true.
What is, what is kind of a depressing issue and that this, this dystopian future that we're all in store for,
How the church is failing, how our leaders are failing.
We're seeing history erased all around us.
A lot of symbolic measures being taken.
Empty gestures.
It's hard to know where to start with all this.
It's hard to know how a believer can even begin to have any kind of an impact with any of this.
I would say
Start praying with your family if you're not doing so already.
Pray for your neighbor and pray for interactions with your neighbor and pray that the gospel will go forth and then prepare yourself.
Get some food storage.
You know, have a plan to protect your family.
Make sure your pink shirt's ironed and your air.
Exactly.
Do what Christians have always done, which is not be afraid, but be confident in God's word, confident that he will satisfy even when everything is taken away from us.
This isn't Hebrews 11, seeking a better country.
That's what Christians do.
They look beyond this road and are looking and convinced
of a better country and embrace it and confess that there's strangers and pilgrims in this land.
And I think all of this makes that so much more of a reality to me.
It makes me realize how foolish it is to place confidence in this country, in my comforts, in the securities that are all around me.
America has been so good, like, so easy to lose sight of where we're truly headed.
And I think we've had so much wealth, comfort.
We're the exception.
Oh my goodness.
By far the exception in human history.
And if we're heading back, if we're heading into a dystopia or to a time of tyranny or oppression, we're heading back to what is normal.
Yeah.
Right.
For all of human history.
And it's part of God's grace to let humans destroy their own systems and even their own systems of wealth.
And I think we're seeing the grace of God right now, which is
This is what you look like without me.
This is how you treat the amazing wealth, the amazing heritage, the amazing examples I've set for you when you ignore me.
And this is how easily your foundations crumble when you stop looking at who gave you those foundations.
And so I think the best perspective to have is this is God's grace.
He's gonna call people to himself through this.
Some churches are gonna start snapping out of it.
I hope.
And some churches are gonna die.
Which is the bad thing.
Right, yeah.
I read this morning in 1 Timothy where Paul says, I desire then that in every place that men should pray, lifting holy hands without anger or quarreling.
And I was just kind of thinking about how prayer and anger and quarreling are so antithetical.
You know, show me an angry, argumentative man, and I'll probably show you a prayerless man.
And we're filled with a country of angry, quarrelling, hateful people right now.
And I think, like you said, Sam, that first step, pray with your family.
Are we convinced that prayer works, you know?
No matter how many times it's mocked on Twitter, that, you know, praying, sending your prayers and all that stuff is fruitless and pointless.
We need, are we convinced in the power of God that puts us on our knees, lifts up our hands and prays, you know, to the God who is in control instead of seeking to take that control in our own hands, which is what anger and quarreling is, right?
I know just just reading that this morning was like, yeah, I don't, I don't really, I haven't been praying about this.
I haven't been bringing this to God and, you know, gotta at least start with that.
You know, there's always action involved.
I'm not saying that you can't seek justice and pursue justice where it needs to be pursued.
But pray first.
And pray for brave men and women.
Yeah.
You know, we need brave men and women right now.
I think there are not a lot of them left.
Yeah.
You know, I think a lot of us need to come to terms with the possibility of losing our livelihoods, losing our reputations.
It seems like in the kind of the whole cancel world that it's becoming a more and more likely scenario that any one of us could lose it all in our lifetimes because of a stand that we take for truth.
And like you said, Joel, that's going back to normal.
That's going back to normal.
That's going back to default setting in a way.
And are you prepared to be at peace with that and to rest in the love and sufficiency of Christ, your Savior, when you have lost everything else?
And what I love is that the Bible, especially the New Testament, was written specifically to people in that situation, that type of situation.
I don't know if you've ever read passages in Scripture that talk about
I will suffer persecution or you will be hated for me and just think, I'm sure that's true, but I don't really feel that.
I think once we get to that point in our culture, there will be ways in which the Bible is speaking more directly to us.
Then amen.
Aaron, you know what else?
Another point with that too is I've always read the description of the early church in Acts when it talks about how they had all things in common.
Any need that they had, they would all pitch in and help each other.
To me, describes the people who were kind of ostracized for mainstream society.
They may not have had the avenues that normal people would have had because they were Christians.
If we're going towards the future,
where Christians can't conduct business and have a storefront anymore and can't use the bank and can't be on social media, whatever.
We're gonna enter this space where the church is going to start looking a lot more like the early church.
We're gonna be taking care of each other and sharing with each other, which to this point is a church that I could never really relate to or see how that could
work, you know, because everything just is hunky-dory right now.
But if that ever stops, we might be destined for a much more exciting and vibrant church, which is kind of a cool thought too.
So what do you think, guys?
I'm strangely uplifted by this.
I'm strangely uplifted.
It's crazy to talk about such seemingly depressing and tragic things, but come away with a little bit of hope.
I'm encouraged.
I'm encouraged by you guys.
You guys are great.
Well, sorry, you, Joel.
We're just doing our part here on this little old podcast.
Joel, do you have a kids movie that we can trash to round this all out?
Or actually, I have a kids movie I can praise tonight.
Have you guys ever seen Paddington 2?
No.
Not to see Paddington 1.
You don't have to see Paddington 1.
It's actually not as good.
It's not nearly as good.
It's a completely unrelated story.
Get Paddington 2.
Watch it with your kids.
It is the most delightful, genuinely hilarious
But also clean.
It's not crude and crass.
Morally sound.
I mean, it's basically about serving others and being selfless and caring for others.
And it's about this bear Paddington who just is completely unselfish and you see the impact he has on all the people around him.
And it is genuinely funny.
And the villain is played by Hugh Grant, who looks a lot like me.
And he plays this narcissistic actor.
And you'll watch it and you might be reminded of me a little bit.
It's really funny.
At the end, he's defeated and he goes in jail and he's singing musical numbers in jail for the other convicts and it's really funny.
So Paddington 2 is one of those, I think it's one of those rare films that hits all the right notes.
with the message and the themes, and it's fun to look at, it's interesting, it is laugh out loud, funny.
Sam, you and Emily would like it, you don't have to have kids, just rent it, Paddington too, get it.
We're such obviously like a podcast of dads, because the only thing we can review are like real kids movies.
Because it's the only thing we see anymore.
So this week's segment, your kid's favorite movie is not.
Garbage with with Joel Barry twist So there you go, it's all rounded out Well, the only thing that could make it better would be a prequel me, but I don't know if you guys have that you guys don't look very prepared I didn't come prepared for that.
All right All right, good episode guys.
Great discussing with you.
Good to talk to you.
Yeah Thanks for thanks for letting your light shine
with me here on this podcast.
Anytime.
Let's shine them lights at the same time next week.
Sounds good.
That's the podcast.